Add Deployments as Code Documentation (#1632)
astronomer/docs: astro/environment-variables.md

6. Click **Save Variables** to save your changes. Your Airflow scheduler, webserver, and workers restart. After saving, it can take up to two minutes for new variables to be applied to your Deployment.

:::note

> You can create, update, and delete multiple environment variables at once using [Deployments as Code](manage-deploymens-as-code.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create, update, and delete multiple worker queues. See [Deployments as Code](manage-deploymens-as-code.md).
```

> :::note
> 
> You can create, update, and delete multiple worker queues at once. See [Deployments as Code](manage-deploymens-as-code.md).
> 
> :::
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
